token.i: 0  token.idx: 0    token.pos: NOUN      token.text: Antacids
token.i: 1  token.idx: 9    token.pos: VERB      token.text: is
token.i: 2  token.idx: 12   token.pos: VERB      token.text: given
token.i: 3  token.idx: 18   token.pos: ADP       token.text: to
token.i: 4  token.idx: 21   token.pos: PROPN     token.text: John
token.i: 5  token.idx: 25   token.pos: PUNCT     token.text: ,
token.i: 6  token.idx: 27   token.pos: NOUN      token.text: sodium
token.i: 7  token.idx: 34   token.pos: NOUN      token.text: bicarbonate
token.i: 8  token.idx: 46   token.pos: VERB      token.text: is
token.i: 9  token.idx: 49   token.pos: VERB      token.text: given
token.i: 10 token.idx: 55   token.pos: ADP       token.text: to
token.i: 11 token.idx: 58   token.pos: PROPN     token.text: Carl
token.i: 12 token.idx: 62   token.pos: PUNCT     token.text: ,
token.i: 13 token.idx: 64   token.pos: ADJ       token.text: folic
token.i: 14 token.idx: 70   token.pos: NOUN      token.text: acid
token.i: 15 token.idx: 75   token.pos: ADP       token.text: to
token.i: 16 token.idx: 78   token.pos: PROPN     token.text: Jerry
token.i: 17 token.idx: 84   token.pos: DET       token.text: all
token.i: 18 token.idx: 88   token.pos: VERB      token.text: works
token.i: 19 token.idx: 94   token.pos: ADP       token.text: at
token.i: 20 token.idx: 97   token.pos: PROPN     token.text: Google
